Fix for asset export unnecessarily using UInt32 mesh index format (#444)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.probuilder: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fixes

- [case: PBLD-19] Fixed shape creation when the camera perspective is set to Top.

> - [case: PBLD-38] Fixed asset export unnecessarily using UInt32 mesh index format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [case: PBLD-38] Fixed an issue where exported assets would incorrectly use the UInt32 mesh index format.
```
